fix (#3)
scalar-labs/scalardl-client-sdk: docs/dl-sandbox.md

## Before running your first contract 

> Let's install [Oracle JDK 8](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html) first unless you have it

Reviewer: Please 
```suggestion
Please make sure you have the [Oracle JDK 8](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html) installed before continuing. Now you can download the Scalar DL client SDK to interact with Scalar DL network.
```

And also delete the next line...

Author: Thanks !
